    # Portfolio for everyone!
    #### Video Demo:  <URL HERE>
    #### Description:

    This program has the purpose of allowing users to combine all their investments in one place. My main motive for developing it was, having this issue myself, I resorted to third-party apps like Delta Investment Tracker and getquin, which are very pleasantly presented, but only allow the user to import from two investment apps max, which greatly takes from the purpose of said app (you can pay a monthly fee to add more portfolios, but I want it to be free and accessible for everyone). At first I thought about using the same method those apps use, which is through API's that access the users data directly and transfer all of their info onto the platform. However, that would entail using users private data, and because I do not want to hinder anyone, I thought about another solution, which would be allowing users to either manually select their investments or import a csv. The main goal is still to let the user have a csv with all their investments, which he can then upload to my program at any given time to get it updated.

    Now onto explaining the code:
    I have a main class called "Portfolio" which handles all the basic tasks you would want to have for a Portfolio. It handles importing a portfolio, saving your portfolio, saving an investment on your portfolio, updating some investment on your portfolio or even removing it entirely.
    Then I also have two important classes which handle the cryptocurrencies ("Crypto") and stocks/funds ("Stocks"). These two classes utilize API's from CoinMarketCap and Alpha Vantage, respectively. I chose these API's because they are well documented and free to use.
    The final class handles the user interface (class "UI"). This class is where I handle the program, depending on the commands of the user.

    Now onto explaining the program:
    When you run this program you will be greeted by a welcome message, as well as a warning for users who are running the code on codespaces, and therefore cannot run two commands which utilize tkinter. After that you should type "H" to see all the available commands and choose what you will be doing. If you choose to add a cryptocurrency to your portfolio (command "AC"), you will be prompted to enter a crypto symbol and then the quantity you would like to add to your portfolio. If you are not very familiar with crypto you can also search for a cryptocurrency with the command "SC". For stocks/funds the mechanism is very similar. After having all the investments you desire in your portfolio you can then display it, to see the current value of your investments (you can do this at any given time) and also save your portfolio as a csv. This feature is very important for this program as it will allow users to then import their previously saved portfolio onto the program and have it automatically update. You also have other features which are described in the commands, but this is the base of how my program works and should be used.

